
I checked the monitor in my phone just as the doorbell blinked.
Ashlee's glasses and fleckles appeard in my screen.
"Is Esteban in?," she asked.
"Should be come in a couple of hours," I responded.
"Oh," she paused and then add "Can I come in?"
I unlocked the door and saw she stepping in.
Small frame, pixie cut, ginger, nerdy glasses, leather jacket over a NIN t-shirt, black ripped jeans, Converse boots, and a backpack to heavy for someone her built.
"Thank you, Mr. Bauer," she said as I stepped up to great her. "Esteban and I have to finish this work."
"Hello, Ashlee," I greeted. "May I ofer something to drink? a coffee? a coke?"
"A glass of water is okay," she said while leaving her backpack in the hall and moving to the kitchen without asking.

Ashlee served her water herself, and stood there looking at me saying nothing.
I said nothing either.

"I have to finish this project," I finally said, and came back to the dinner table where my laptop was.

A couple of minutes in, and I felt her approaching me from behind.
She leaned fram over me.
"What are you writting?," she said while reading at my creative writing project in my screen.
I turned, wondering where she left her jacket and noticing her face too unconfortably close to mine.
"A small story within a fictional universe," I answered.
She turned to look at me while I spoke.
"Can you tell me?," she asked.
"It is a story adjacent to my last novel, on the background of one of the minor characters."
I had this impression that she was reading my lips rather than listening.}
Personally I was allso looking at her lips rather than her eyes.
Gray eyews with green and brown sparks, kind of olive green.
Nude lips that I felt too uncomfortable close.
"What is his name?," she asked. I had this impression that she wasn't really interested in my story, just looking to a reason to be theres.
"Miguel Andrés, one of Fabián's college friends," I answered, deciding Ashlee there was just fine.
A silence followed.
She then lift her hand to my arm. "Is anyone else here?," she asked.
"No, just the cats. Likely hidden."

I lifted my hand to hers.
She closed the gap between our faces.
Lips gently caressing each other, then our tongues exploring each other. She tasted like candy.

She grabed the back of my neck. I embraced her wrist.
My hand lifted her t-shirt to feel her skin. My other hand went after her round butt.

When I unbuckled her bra she stopped.
"Wait," she said.
She put her glasses on the table. Gave me her back.
"Come," she said while taking off her t-shirt and bra and dropping on the floor while walking to the sofa where she start to take her boots off.

I stepped up, her pale skin contrasting the dark fabric of the sofa, her small but uplift tits inviting me.
20 if I am not mistaken. Same age as Esteban. I didn't asked, though.
I undreessed myself on the way to the sofa. She took her pants off too.

While recovering our breaths, we were listening and commenting my playlist of alt-music, slowly getting dressed.
Sitting in the floor next to the sofa we just sat embracing.

When we heard Estaban coming in, I loose her, and she step up.
"I think I was ealry," she said, "I was listening some music with your father. Some good stuff."

I came back to my project while they were working in their assigment.